RHIDP-1711: Add Supported platforms and Support policy to Admin Guide and RN docs (#644)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/con-release-notes-overview.adoc

.Additional resources

* link:{upgrading-book-url}[{upgrading-book-title}].

== Supported Platforms

> {product} runs on OpenShift Container Platform 4.14-4.16 on the following CPU architecture:

Author: @hmanwani-rh, I've written the CPU architecture as an unordered list item even though it's just one item based on [this](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#length-of-lists) from the IBM Style Guide:
"Use at least two list items in an ordered list. You can have **one item in an unordered list to match the format of other unordered lists in the same area**."

Reviewer: Use the ocp-version-min and ocp-version attributes

Author: @themr0c , I updated the ocp-version-min and ocp-version attributes and used them. Thank you! 
I also updated "OpenShift Container Platform" with ocp-short.

* AMD64 and Intel 64 (`x86_64`)

> In addition to OpenShift Container Platform, the following hosted environments are also supported:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to {ocp-short}, the following hosted environments are also supported:
```

* {eks-brand-name}
* {aks-brand-name}
* {osd-short} on {gcp-brand-name}

.Additional resources

* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform[OpenShift documentation]

> * link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.3#Install%20and%20Upgrade[{product} Installation guides]

Reviewer 2: I'm not certain about the link included here, as it may change in the future. It might be better to add the link to the product documentation instead.
```suggestion
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}#Install%20and%20Upgrade[{product} Installation guides]
```
